AN ANTIQUE COOKIE JAR?
OH, JENNY, YOU ARE
THE BEST SISTER EVER.
OOH, IT'S A WATERSTONE.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!
- HEY, LOUIE.
WANT TO HANG OUT?
I HAVE A NEW INVENTION
YOU MIGHT WANT TO SEE.
- NO CAN DO, FRANKZILLA.
TODAY'S THE DAY TEDDY MONROE
IS COMING OVER.
TEDDY.
THE COOLEST GHOST
IN MY SCHOOL.
WE'RE GONNA PLAY THE ULTIMATE
GHOST FANTASY CARD GAME--
GHOULTOPIA.
- THAT GAME SOUNDS LAME.
- YOU'RE LAME!
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I'LL BE IN MY ROOM
GETTING MY COOL ON.
A DOLPHIN?
DON'T SAY A WORD.
- OH, TAYLOR.
WANNA SEE MY NEW INVENTION?
- CAN'T TODAY.
I'M TUTORING SOMEONE.
- YOU DON'T HAVE TO LIE
TO ME.
YOU COULD'VE JUST SAID NO.
- I'M SERIOUS.
I'M TUTORING
THIS SUPER CUTE GUY TODD
IN FRENCH.
- BUT YOU DON'T SPEAK FRENCH.
- NEITHER DOES HE,
SO HE'LL NEVER KNOW.
BRILLIANT, NON?
- NON.
MOTHER, MOTHER, MOTHER.
I'M BORED.
- FRANKIE, FRANKIE, FRANKIE.
I'M WORKING.
- BUT I HAVE NO ONE
TO PLAY WITH.
OH, YOU'RE SERIOUS.
- COME ON.
MILES IS COOL.
- LADIES, CHECK IT OUT.
IT'S DWAYNE "THE SOCK" JOHNSON.
"SORRY, LIEUTENANT,
"BUT I CAN'T LET THOSE LOWLIFES
BLOW UP A FACTORY.
THIS CHRISTMAS, THE CHILDREN
GET THEIR BOWTIES."
COOL.
SO, MILES, FRANKIE HERE
IS LOOKING FOR SOMEONE
TO PLAY WITH.
- "12 YEARS ON THE BEAT,
AND THEY HAND ME A ROOKIE.
GRAB SOME CUSHION."
- SORRY, DETECTIVE,
BUT YOU'RE CALLING IN SICK.
I'VE GOT OTHER PLANS.
I CALL IT...
THE CAKE-A-PULT.
OBSERVE.
YES!
- FRANKIE, THAT'S DANGEROUS.
AND OFFENSIVE TO CLOWNS!
I WANT NO PART OF IT.
- I KNEW YOU WERE NO FUN.
EXCUSE ME?
I'M A HOOT!
LET'S SEE.
DO I NEED SAFETY GOGGLES?
- NO.
LAUNCH THE BAGEL.
- MOM'S COOKIE JAR!
- NOT YET.
- * IF YOU MOVE
INTO A HAUNTED HOUSE *
* YOU GOTTA TRY
TO WORK THINGS OUT *
- * SO IF YOU'RE LIVING
WITH A GHOST OR THREE *
- * YOU GOTTA BE
ONE BIG, SEMI-SCARY FAMILY *
- * DON'T KNOW
HOW WE ENDED UP THIS WAY *
- * BUT I GUESS
YOU COULD CALL US *
- * THE HAUNTED HATHAWAYS
* THE HAUNTED HATHAWAYS
*
- * THE HAUNTED HATHAWAYS
THIS IS BAD.
THIS IS SO BAD.
- MILES, YOU HAVE TO CALM DOWN.
- MICHELLE LOVED
THAT ANTIQUE JAR.
IT'S A WATERSTONE.
A WATERSTONE!
WHAT'S A WATERSTONE?
- RELAX.
I KNOW EXACTLY WHAT TO DO.
- CONFESS TO MICHELLE.
- COVER UP THE CRIME.
WE CAN'T DO THAT!
- MY CAKE-A-PULT,
YOUR BAGEL.
WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER.
HERE SHE COMES!
FOLLOW MY LEAD.
- HE'S FINE,
AREN'T YOU, MILES?
- YES! FINE!
EVERYTHING'S FINE!
- SO I NEED TO RUN
A FEW ERRANDS,
PICK UP A NICE THANK-YOU CARD
FOR AUNT JENNY.
BACK IN A BIT.
- OKEYDOKEY.
YOU'RE SO PRETTY.
- OH.
MY LITTLE ANGEL.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I LIED TO MICHELLE!
EVEN MY SOCK PUPPET
WON'T LOOK AT ME.
- MILES, IF MOM FINDS OUT
ABOUT HER COOKIE JAR,
SHE'S GONNA GROUND US
FOR A MONTH.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU,
BUT I CAN'T DO
THAT KIND OF TIME.
- FINE.
WHAT ARE YOU PROPOSING?
- WE PUT THIS BABY
BACK TOGETHER.
I'VE GOT GLUE
THAT CAN REPAIR ANYTHING.
- EVEN THE TATTERED REPUTATION
OF A ONCE
- DOUBT IT,
BUT I'LL CHECK THE LABEL.
- DEAD FLOWERS,
CREEPY SKULLS,
FRESH SPIDER WEBS?
ARE YOU EXPECTING COMPANY?
- SURE AM.
TEDDY'LL BE HERE
ANY SECOND.
DUDE'S A MASTER
GHOULTOPIA PLAYER.
I'VE HAD THIS PLAY DATE
ON THE BOOKS FOR WEEKS.
AND TODAY, I WOW HIM
WITH MY COOL FACTOR.
- SHOULDN'T HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH THAT.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL,
YOU ARE MY SON.
- DAD, YOU GOT TOILET PAPER
ON YOUR SHOE.
- AND I'M TOTALLY
MAKING IT WORK.
AGH, AGH!
- POW!
- AAH!
OH, MAN, YOU ARE GOOD.
- I DO WHAT I DO.
LIKE THE CREEPY DIGS,
PRESTON.
GOT YOUR GHOULTOPIA CARDS?
'CAUSE I AM READY
TO TAKE YOU DOWN!
- RAY, YOU KNOW FRENCH,
RIGHT?
OH, SORRY, DIDN'T KNOW YOU HAD
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND OVER.
WHERE'S YOUR DAD?
- NOT HERE.
GO AWAY.
BOO!
- SORRY, MR. CRANKY PANTS.
OOH, A BERET!
I'M PRETTY SURE THAT'S FRENCH.
I'M TOTALLY BORROWING IT.
- SORRY ABOUT THAT
ANNOYANCE, TEDDY.
THAT WAS JUST--
- THE MOST BEAUTIFUL CREATURE
I'VE EVER SEEN.
TAYLOR?
- TAYLOR.
TEDDY.
OH, YOU GOTTA BE
KIDDING ME.
- MILES.
PREPARE TO BE WOWED.
- AGH!
- SO YOU'RE SAYING
MOM WILL NOTICE?
- ONLY IF SHE HAS EYEBALLS.
- WELL, I GUESS THAT MEANS
PLAN "B."
REMOVE HER EYEBALLS.
- NO! NO MORE PLANS.
THE ONLY THING LEFT TO DO
IS BEG FOR FORGIVENESS
AND SOMEHOW TRY AND REBUILD
OUR LIVES.
- OR WE CAN GO OUT AND BUY
THE EXACT SAME JAR
AND REPLACE IT.
WHERE IN THE WORLD ARE WE GONNA
FIND AN EXACT--
- 455 MERCER STREET.
THE ADDRESS
OF THE LOCAL DEALER
WHO CARRIES WATERSTONE JARS.
- I'LL HANDLE THAT.
WHAT I NEED IS TIME.
- AAH!
SHE'S COMING BACK.
I'M LITERALLY GOING
TO PASS OUT.
- JUST CREATE THE GHOST ILLUSION
OF THE JAR.
I'LL TAKE CARE
OF THE REST.
- IF SHE TRIES TO TOUCH IT,
HER HAND WILL GO
RIGHT THROUGH.
- JUST DO IT!
- NO! THIS MADNESS MUST END!
- YOU SICKEN ME!
- HEY, YOU.
- HELLO.
- HEY!
I JUST BOUGHT
THE BEST THANK-YOU CARD
FOR MY SIS.
IT PLAYS MUSIC
WHEN YOU OPEN IT.
- MOM. MOM!
AUNT JENNY HATES
THOSE MUSICAL CARDS.
SHE TOLD ME.
- HMM. WELL, MAYBE I SHOULD
GO GET ANOTHER
AND KEEP THIS FUNKY JAM
FOR MYSELF.
- BEFORE YOU GO,
WE'RE THINKING ABOUT GOING
TO THE MOVIES
AND NEED SOME MONEY.
- OH.
- 40 BUCKS SHOULD DO IT.
- OOF, THAT'S A LITTLE PRICEY.
WHAT MOVIE
ARE YOU GOING TO?
- UH, THAT NEW THRILLER,
WHY MUST CHILDREN LIE?
- NO, WE'RE SEEING
SHUT UP AND DON'T BE A TWIT.
IT'S MUCH BETTER.
- OH.
WELL, YOU TWO HAVE FUN.
TWO LIES IN ONE DAY.
I'M OUT OF CONTROL!
- IT GETS EASIER, MAN.
IT GETS EASIER.
- OH, GOOD, RAY.
CAN YOU HELP ME
LEARN FRENCH
BEFORE MY STUDENT
GETS HERE?
- YOU DON'T KNOW FRENCH,
AND YOU'RE TEACHING IT?
- WHY IS EVERYONE
SO HUNG UP ON THAT?
THE GAME WAS JUST
GETTING STARTED.
- WOULD YOU SAY HER HAIR
IS BROWN MOCHA
OR WARM CHESTNUT?
- TEDDY MONROE
IS THE SCARIEST,
MOST FEARED GHOST
IN SCHOOL.
- LOOKS LIKE TEDDY
HAS A MAJOR CASE
OF THE TAYLORS.
- WHAT DOES HE SEE
IN TAYLOR?
THE GIRL CAN'T EVEN REMOVE
HER OWN HEAD.
- HAS ANYONE EVER TOLD YOU
YOU HAVE EYES?
- I SORT OF KNEW THAT.
- UH, TAYLOR'S VERY BUSY
AND CAN'T BE DISTURBED.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, TAYLOR?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I'M JUST HANGING OUT UNTIL
MY "ESTUDIANT ARRIVOS"?
- SPANISH.
- TOOK A SHOT.
EVEN YOUR COUGH IS GORGEOUS.
SOUNDS LIKE TAY-TAY
NEEDS SOME WA-WA.
BE RIGHT BACK.
- THAT WAS MY ENTIRE DAY
OF FUN
BEING RUINED BECAUSE OF YOU!
- YOU WERE PRETTY!
- AWW, THAT'S SO SWEET.
AWFUL. JUST AWFUL.
DARN MY INCREDIBLE BEAUTY.
- I SAID PRETTY.
OUT ON THE MEAN STREETS,
ON THE RUN
FROM JOHNNY LAW.
- LOOK!
- IT'S IDENTICAL.
LET'S BUY THAT ONE.
HELLO.
WHAT A NICE PLACE
YOU GOT HERE.
GOOD FOR YOU.
A NINE-YEAR-OLD HAS VALIDATED
MY LIFE CHOICES.
WHEE.
OH, I ONLY HAVE 40.
DO YOU HAVE
A CUTE KIDS DISCOUNT?
- YES.
MILES, I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO HAGGLE.
JUMP INTO CAPTAIN SMILES
AND POSSESS HIM
SO I CAN BUY THAT JAR
FOR 40 BUCKS.
- POSSESS SOMEONE
AGAINST THEIR WILL?
- YES, OR I'M GOING TO PIN
THIS WHOLE BROKEN JAR THING
ON YOU.
- NO, I'M THREATENING
TO PUT THIS ALL ON YOU
IF YOU DON'T DO
WHAT I SAY.
- THAT'S BLACKMAIL.
- OH. THEN YEAH!
OKAY, FINE.
BUT THIS IS IT.
LET'S GET THIS OVER WITH.
- GREAT.
HELLO, KIND SIR.
HERE IS 40 DOLLARS
FOR THIS LOVELY JAR.
- GREAT, I'LL JUST WRAP IT
UP FOR YOU.
THIS REALLY IS
AN AMAZING PIECE.
- SHE'S A BEAUT.
TAG HER AND BAG HER.
- LOOK AT THE INTRICATE DETAILS
OF THESE LOTUS LEAVES.
IT'S MAGNIFICENT.
SORRY, 100 BUCKS.
TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT.
- THIS SHOP OWNER
IS INSANE!
I MEAN ME.
I'M CRAZY.
WHOO!
- MAY I SEE YOU
FOR A SECOND?
DO YOU MIND EXPLAINING TO ME
WHAT THAT WAS?
- UM, BEING A RESPONSIBLE
BUSINESS OWNER.
- UGH, AND NOW THAT GUY'S BUYING
OUR COOKIE JAR.
OH, NO! OUR JAR!
THIS TIME...
IT'S THE REAL DEAL.
WE CAN'T LET HIM LEAVE.
LOCK THE DOOR.
- HAVEN'T WE COMMITTED
ENOUGH FELONIES FOR ONE DAY?
- DO IT!
- I KNOW HOW TO HANDLE THIS.
WE HAVE TO GET HIM
BACK TO THE BAKERY
AND AWAY FROM ALL THESE
SECURITY CAMERAS.
- I'M NOT LIKING
WHERE THIS IS GOING.
- DON'T WORRY.
IT'S ALL ON THE UP AND UP.
ALL I NEED IS A PAIR
OF DARK GLASSES
AND AN UNMARKED VAN.
- WAIT.
I THINK I'VE GOT
A LESS KIDNAP-Y WAY
TO GET HIM THERE.
- "FREE SLICE OF PIE
AT PIE SQUARED
FOR ANYONE WEARING
AN UGLY GREEN SHIRT."
CHA-CHING!
MY LUCKY DAY!
- ALL RIGHT, TIME TO GET
THIS DAY BACK ON TRACK.
TEDDY, YOUR ROLL.
THERE YOU GO!
DOUBLE SIXES.
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
- YEP.
LOSE A TURN AND GO STRAIGHT
TO TAYLOR'S ROOM.
LATERS!
- THIS IS BECOMING TIRESOME.
OH, COME ON!
- IT'S OKAY.
THEY'RE NOT IN HERE.
- RAY, I FEEL TERRIBLE.
I MESSED UP
LOUIE'S ENTIRE DAY.
DARN THESE GOOD LOOKS.
- YOU'RE ENJOYING THIS.
- LITTLE BIT.
- YOU KNOW,
THERE WAS THIS TIME
WHEN I HAD TO DOWNPLAY...
THIS.
SO I USED
THIS GHOST ILLUSION
TO MAKE MYSELF
AS REPULSIVE AS POSSIBLE.
- THAT'S GENIUS.
CAN YOU DO THAT TO ME?
ARE YOU THAT POWERFUL?
- I THINK I GOT IT.
- OH, I'M GOOD.
MAYBE TOO GOOD.
UGH!
- LET'S SEE HOW TEDDY
LIKES ME NOW.
- WHEN THE GUY GETS HERE,
I'LL HANDLE "NEGOTIATIONS."
- YOU AIR-QUOTED THAT.
WHY WOULD YOU
AIR
HOW DEEP DOES
THIS RABBIT HOLE GO?
- KEEP A LOOKOUT
FOR MY MOM.
IF YOU SEE HER COMING,
GIVE ME A SIGNAL.
- OKAY, I'LL YELL OUT
TYPES OF PUDDING.
- OF COURSE YOU WILL.
HELLO, SIR.
WHAT A REPULSIVE SHIRT.
YOU MUST HAVE SEEN OUR FLYER.
- SURE DID.
HOW ABOUT A SLICE
OF APPLE?
- OUR SPECIALTY.
HEY, NICE JAR.
- I KNOW.
I'M GONNA USE IT
TO STORE ALL THE NOTES
I GET FROM MY GRANDDAUGHTER.
SHE CALLS ME PAPPY.
- PERHAPS I COULD TRADE YOU
THAT JAR
FOR, SAY, TWO WHOLE PIES?
- MAKE IT TEN.
- FIVE AND A PIE SQUARED
T-SHIRT.
- DEAL.
- I'LL JUST GO GET
THOSE PIES.
- FRANKIE, THAT WAS AWESOME.
WE'RE ACTUALLY GOING TO GET
AWAY WITH THIS.
whap!
- OW!
- COME ON, TEDDY.
LET'S FINISH OUR GAME.
- HEY, GUYS.
- YAHHH!
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
THIS IS THE REAL ME.
EARLIER I WAS WEARING MAKEUP
AND FAKE TEETH.
- YEP, THIS IS HOW WE SEE TAYLOR
EVERY DAY.
WE EVEN SET EXTRA PLACES
AT THE TABLE FOR HER MOLES.
- I CALL THIS ONE SUZIE.
- TAYLOR, YOU LOOK...
DIFFERENT.
THE FACT THAT YOU'RE SHOWING ME
WHO YOU REALLY ARE
MAKES YOU EVEN MORE
BEAUTIFUL.
- ARE YOU SEEING
WHAT I'M SEEING?
- TAYLOR, YOU WANNA JOIN US
IN A FEW GAMES OF GHOULTOPIA?
- SOME GHOST--
TAYLOR, GHOULTOPIA
IS THE MOST POPULAR
FANTASY CARD GAME AROUND.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
SOUNDS STUPID.
- YOU'RE STUPID!
- WELL, I THINK IT'S A DUMB,
DOPEY, BORING GAME!
- LOUIE, PERHAPS
WE CAN GO TO THE ATTIC
WHERE THERE'LL BE
FEWER ANNOYANCES.
- IF YOU SAY SO.
- I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU CAN LIVE WITH THAT GIRL.
- EH, SHE'S NOT SO BAD.
THANK YOU!
- I GOT NOTHIN'.
- YOU'VE GOT TO HAVE
SOMETHING.
- MOM WILL BE BACK
ANY SECOND.
I CAN EXPLAIN
A LOT OF THINGS,
BUT I'M NOT THIS GOOD.
HATE TO SAY IT, MILES,
BUT IT'S OVER.
IF WE STOP,
ALL THE TERRIBLE THINGS
WE DID TODAY
WERE FOR WHAT?
NOTHING?
- HMPH, I WANT BETTER
THAN OKAY.
YOU MAY HAVE PLAYED
ALL YOUR CARDS, BABY DOLL...
BABY DOLL?
- BUT ME,
I'M STILL IN THE GAME.
- YOO-HOO!
- UH, BUTTERSCOTCH, VANILLA,
BANANA CREAM!
- YOU DISTRACT MICHELLE.
I'LL MOVE CHUCKLES HERE
WITH MY GHOST POWERS.
NOW, WOMAN!
HEY, MOM.
- OH.
- WILL YOU TELL ME
A STORY?
- OH, BUT I NEED TO--
- TELL ME ABOUT THE DAY
I WAS BORN.
DID I GRAB YOUR FINGER?
- OH.
IT WAS A MAGICAL MORNING...
- OKAY,
WHERE CAN WE HIDE YOU?
- SO THAT'S THE STORY
OF MY BIRTH.
AND NOW WE ARE ENTERING
THE BAKERY.
- IT WAS AN EMOTIONAL JOURNEY.
- NICE WORK.
WHAT'D YOU DO WITH HIM?
YOU STUCK HIM
IN THE PASTRY CASE?
- OH, WELCOME TO PIE SQUARED.
FRANKIE, STEP ASIDE
SO SHE CAN SEE.
F.Y.I.,
EVERYTHING IN THIS CASE
IS BAKED FRESH DAILY.
FRANKIE.
- WHAT IS SHE
SCREAMING ABOUT?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I WAS SUPPOSED
TO GET FREE PIE.
AND A T-SHIRT!
YOU PEOPLE ARE NUTS.
IF YOU STILL WANT A T-SHIRT,
GO TO OUR WEBSITE!
- WE DID IT.
WE PULLED IT OFF!
- WE DID DO IT!
WHEW, WHAT A RUSH.
I COULD GET USED
TO THIS BAD BOY LIFESTYLE.
- I'M SORRY YOU TWO
HAD TO SEE THAT,
BUT--BUT IT'S A GOOD LESSON.
THERE ARE SOME CRAZY PEOPLE
OUT THERE.
- HE WASN'T CRAZY.
HE WAS PAPPY,
AN INNOCENT, LOVING GRANDDAD
WHO WE CALLOUSLY USED
TO REPLACE A COOKIE JAR
WE VICIOUSLY BROKE.
- WAY TO GO, BAD BOY.
- YOU TWO ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THIS?
- SORRY, MOM.
I KNOW HOW MUCH YOU LIKED
THAT JAR.
- YOU BOTH ARE SO GROUNDED.
F.Y.I.,
I HATED THAT COOKIE JAR.
- PEOPLE ARE ALWAYS BUYING ME
COOKIE JARS.
"OH! SHE OWNS A BAKERY!
IT'S A PERFECT GIFT!"
I HAVE 500 OF THEM.
WISH I'D OPENED
A JEWELRY STORE.
SO GROUNDED.
SORRY.
I JUST COULDN'T KEEP LYING.
- IT'S OKAY.
I STILL HAD FUN TODAY.
- ME TOO.
- HEY, YOU WANT TO SEE
A SLINGSHOT I MADE
OUT OF LICORICE?
- NOT EVEN A LITTLE.
- TURNS OUT YOU DIDN'T NEED
ALL OF THIS.
HE JUST NEEDED
TO TALK TO YOU.
- I KNOW.
NOW I GOT
LESS THAN TEN MINUTES
TO LEARN FRENCH AND--
- GAH!
- TODD, YOU'RE EARLY!
- I THINK I'LL LEARN
GERMAN INSTEAD.
CLOSE!
CLOSE, QUICKLY, CLOSE!
- I LIKE THIS LOOK.
KEEPS THE BOYS AWAY.
- RAY!